Search

Ctrl-K

Change to dark mode

Thanks for stopping by! We use cookies to help us understand how you interact with our website.

By clicking “Accept all”, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

Get started

Develop

Deploy

Knowledge base

Streamlit is an open-source Python framework for data scientists and AI/ML engineers to deliver dynamic data apps with only a few lines of code. Build and deploy powerful data apps in minutes. Let's get started!

Get set up to start working with Streamlit.

Learn about our APIs, with actionable explanations of specific functions and features.

Try out awesome apps created by our users, and curated from our forums or Twitter.

Get started with Streamlit! Set up your development environment and learn the fundamental concepts, and start coding!

Develop your Streamlit app! Our API reference explains each Streamlit function with examples. Dive deep into all of our features with conceptual guides. Try out our step-by-step tutorials.

Deploy your Streamlit app! Streamlit Community Cloud our free platform for deploying and sharing Streamlit apps. Streamlit in Snowflake is an enterprise-class solution where you can house your data and apps in one, unified, global system. Explore all your options!

Knowledge base is a self-serve library of tips, tricks, and articles that answer your questions about creating and deploying Streamlit apps.

You can configure colorful multiselect columns with st.column_config.MultiselectColumn.

You can configure a color palette (red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet, and gray/grey) that is shared across elements.

You can sort the bars in st.bar_chart.

You can specify the default tab in st.tabs.

You can set the color of chart columns.

You can configure the sample rate of audio in st.audio_input.

A course to help you learn to build and ship GenAI apps fast

Key strategies for building robust, scalable, and responsible GenAI apps with Streamlit

Use the Streamlit-Weaviate Connection to integrate a vector database

Streamlit is more than just a way to make data apps, it's also a community of creators that share their apps and ideas and help each other make their work better. Please come join us on the community forum. We love to hear your questions, ideas, and help you work through your bugs — stop by today!

View the Streamlit source code and issue tracker.

Watch screencasts made by the Streamlit team and the community.

Follow @streamlit on Twitter to keep up with the latest news.

Follow @streamlit on the world's largest professional network.

Sign up for communications from Streamlit.

